docs: add a dedicated page for tests with more information (#3019)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/index.md

2. Be aware that advanced tasks may still require tweaking environment variables, reading through documentation and sometimes inspecting your running container for debugging purposes. After all, a mail-server is a complex arrangement of various programs.
3. A list of all configuration options is documented on [the ENV page][docs-environment]. The [`README.md`][github-file-readme] is a good starting point to understand what this image is capable of.
4. A list of all optional and automatically created configuration files and directories is available [on the dedicated page][docs-optionalconfig].

> 5. If you want to know more about our tests and test suite, look [here][docs-tests].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you want to know more about our test suite, view our [testing docs][docs-tests].
```
